Intent2.0 (#1)
IntentSoftware/Docs: index.md

# Intent Architect Documentation

We've organized the documentation in such a way that you would find what you're looking for in no time.

## [Overview of Intent Architect](articles/overview/index.md)

> An overview of Intent Architect. Why Intent Architect? How does it work? Isn't Code Generation evil? Those questions are answered here.

Author: Sorry, I know I seem like a bit of a killjoy here 😛. Even if some people do, I don't think we should be announcing that they think code generation is evil. It may get people thinking in the wrong way about or distracted from our offering. especially newer devs which may not even be aware of this opinion.

We could have an article somewhere to the effect of `Code Generation done right in Intent Architect`, or something else like that to address concerns people have had with code gen in the past.

```suggestion
An overview of Intent Architect, how it works, and why it provides a better way to build software.
```

Reviewer: I think I found that description in the FAQ and must have accidentally added it there. Happy to change.

## [Tutorials](articles/tutorials/index.md)
Intent Architect offers tutorials for helping new comers getting started.
> ### [Getting Started - Create an ASP.NET Core web app](articles/tutorials/create_an_aspnetcore_web_app.md)
> Let us show you how easy it is to create a new ASP.NET Core Web Application using Intent Architect and have it up and running in 5 minutes.

## [How-to guides](articles/howtos/index.md)
After working through the tutorials and using Intent Architect for your projects, you might encounter some questions or problems. In here we will lay out those concerns and take you through how to resolve them.

## [Reference documentation](articles/references/index.md)
Concepts, ideas and API documentation can be found here in much more detail.

## [Topic guides](articles/topics/index.md)

> Come and learn more about Intent Architect how it does more than just Code Automation.

Author: I'm thinking for each of these, we include a file which is also embedded into the respective `index.md` file (see https://dotnet.github.io/docfx/spec/docfx_flavored_markdown.html#file-inclusion).

Additionally, we should have empty square brackets to have the link title text be picked up automatically from the article.

For example for `How-to guides` (I'm just hoping it works without an xref, otherwise it needs to work by an xref):

```
## [](articles/howtos/index.md)

[!include[](how-to/description.md)]
```

`how-to/description.md`'s content would be like:

```
This is a collection of how-to articles for guiding you through accomplishing specific tasks.
```

`how-to/index.md` would be like:

```
# How-To Guides

[!include[](description.md)]

[!include[](../common/please-refer-to-toc.md)]
```

`common/please-refer-to-toc.md` would be:

```
Please refer to the side panel for the available articles.
```
